Add debugging instructions (#50)
erikgrinaker/toydb: README.md

Execute `cargo test` to run all tests, or check out the latest
[CI run](https://cloud.drone.io/erikgrinaker/toydb).

## Debugging

> VS Code provides a very intuitive environment for debugging toyDB. Follow these steps to set it up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com) provides a very intuitive environment for debugging toyDB. Follow these steps to set it up:
```

> 1. Install [CodeLLDB](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb) extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the [CodeLLDB](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vadimcn.vscode-lldb) extension
```

1. Go to "Run and Debug" tab and initialize launch.json, here is my autogenerated [`launch.json`](https://gist.github.com/leotoff/78e20cb1948e8bb20631271576730865) for reference

The above lets debug `toysql` (from "Run and Debug" tab) and unit tests (using a popup in test files). Debugging the engine is a bit more involved:
1. Add config arg `"-c=${workspaceFolder}/config/toydb.yaml"` to "Debug executable 'toydb'" configuration in `launch.json`, see [my configuration](https://gist.github.com/leotoff/b940df1b947b7d4e6fd42bd057943fe3) for reference

> 1. Create a data directory `sudo mkdir /var/lib/toydb && sudo chown $(whoami) /var/lib/toydb` (the path is specified in `config/toydb.yaml`)

Reviewer: Maybe we should just change the default to `./data`. `/var/lib/toydb` is rarely useful.

Reviewer 2: sounds good. do you want me to modify `config/toydb.yaml` in this or a separate PR? if in a separate PR, I'll modify README.md there as well (`/var/lib/toydb` -> `./data`). Let me know how to approach this.

Reviewer: Separate PR would be great, thanks!

1. Go to "Run and Debug" tab, select "Debug executable 'toydb'", run

> If the last command fails with `Address already in use (os error 48)`, go to Activity Monitor and send the "Quit" signal to `toydb` processes. There might be some lingering processes after running the cluster command.

Reviewer: This is specific to macOS, consider generalizing this for other OSes -- or at least Linux.

Reviewer 2: Oops, that's a good callout, I'm on it.

Reviewer 2: Resolved, I removed MacOS-specific tools.
